font-family = "Maple Mono NF"
font-size = 16

theme = light:rose-pine-dawn,dark:rose-pine
theme = light:quietlight,dark:kuroi

window-padding-balance = true
background-opacity     = 0.96
window-decoration      = false
window-colorspace      = "display-p3"
window-theme           = "ghostty"
adw-toolbar-style      = "flat"

gtk-titlebar = false

macos-titlebar-style = transparent

confirm-close-surface   = false
copy-on-select          = clipboard
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
mouse-scroll-multiplier = 2

keybind = ctrl+s>r=reload_config
keybind = ctrl+s>q=close_surface
keybind = ctrl+s>n=new_window
keybind = ctrl+s>t=new_tab

keybind = ctrl+s>\=new_split:right
keybind = ctrl+s>-=new_split:down
keybind = ctrl+s>j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = ctrl+s>k=goto_split:top
keybind = ctrl+s>h=goto_split:left
keybind = ctrl+s>l=goto_split:right
keybind = ctrl+s>z=toggle_split_zoom
keybind = ctrl+s>equal=equalize_splits

keybind = global:ctrl+grave_accent=toggle_quick_terminal
